pages
well today I'm going to make orange air what
try to show your orange the
Sistine soya and water
to make the orange air we go to a
container high and wide we are going to catch
catch an orange juice the strained and
clean all the impurities at once and
now we miss that container in
this case we are going to the same amount of
juice than water because there was only
I would add a meat and I do not think I would
is too strong is also worth
let's add a teaspoon of
soy lecithin
we add and at the beginning we're going to beat
average speed with the mouth of the
crusher in the background
why
I 'm going with the ingredients
once the neighbor with the orange and
Water
it has dissolved we start to foam
as we tilt the blender a little bit and
we add air
from above
also like this
until a foam is formed by the
surface
the function that the soybean office has
in these recipes
as you see after having beaten it
there's been a lot of foam
consistent we just take
if you try it
and that a foam with orange flavor
truth is very good now we are going to
proceed to the presentation of the plate
As you can see we have taken a plate
we have done a bit of zest
orange and two teaspoons and nothing if
we have orange flavored foam or
also called orange air I hope
I wish you like it